Basic File Setup (#1)
dwave-examples/template-dash: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guidelines

> Thank you for your interest in contributing to dwave-examples! Before getting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for your interest in contributing to [dwave-examples](https://github.com/dwave-examples)! Before getting
```

started, we encourage you to take a look at this document of guidelines.

## What We're Looking For

> While we have a preference for application oriented examples, we welcome all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we have a preference for application-oriented examples, we welcome all
```

examples that demonstrate use of Ocean&#8482; SDK tools.

To see our categorized collection of demos, create a free account on the
[Leap&#8482; Quantum Cloud Service](https://cloud.dwavesys.com/leap/signup/) and take a look at
[our library of examples](https://cloud.dwavesys.com/leap/examples/) or

> go through the demo code repositories in [dwave-examples](https://github.com/dwave-examples).

Reviewer: You can see the **categorized** collection in https://cloud.dwavesys.com/leap/examples, but https://github.com/dwave-examples is uncategorized (at least in any user-friendly way)

Additionally, it's not clear how this paragraph adds to describing "What We're Looking For". Do you mean to say that they should learn what other examples look like or avoid duplications? Can we add a sentence that makes their survey useful for contributing?

Author: Thanks for your feedback! I've make the remaining changes in this commit https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/1/commits/b2f4bc7ada3821673e413099c995af2f91560a27 Let me know what you think!

## Steps for Contributing

1. Follow GitHub's instructions on [creating a repository from a template](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template).
   Alternatively, clone this repository (or one of our [existing examples](https://github.com/dwave-examples)) as a

>    starting point from which to implement your example.

Reviewer: Should there not be a step 2 write your example code?

Author: I put a bit of a placeholder for this one but I'll update it in a later PR when I have the details of what steps they should take. I need to first decide on the steps though 😂

> 2. Implement your example by following the instructions in the README.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Implement your example by following the instructions in the [README](README.md).
```

2. [Open an issue](https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/issues/new/choose) in the
   [dwave-examples/template-dash](https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash) repository with a link to your example.

3. To add your example, D-Wave will fork your repository. We may make a pull
   request if we would like your approval for certain code changes.

## Guidelines

### Files

Please make sure that your example includes the following:

* `README.md`:
    * Should be written in Markdown (and not reStructuredText).
    * See this repository's [README](README.md).

* `requirements.txt`:
    * `dwave-ocean-sdk` should be unpinned and lower bounded.

>     * Add requirements for running your example and make sure they are either pinned to a version supported by the latest Ocean&#8482; SDK release or lower bounded.

Reviewer: Only the first Ocean needs a TM, so here it is not needed

* `LICENSE`:
    * Examples should comply with the Apache 2.0 License. Please make sure that:
        * All source and test files include a license header.
        * The [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file is included in your root directory.

> * Tests that are discoverable through `python -m unittest discover`.

Reviewer: Should we specify a tests directory?

Our examples are tested using CircleCI. For a list of operating systems and
Python versions we currently test our examples with, please take a look at [our
documentation](https://docs.ocean.dwavesys.com/en/stable/overview/install.html).
For more information, visit [orb-examples](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/dwave/orb-examples).

The example repository should contain the [`.circleci/`](.circleci/) directory to support running tests in CI.
Once approved, we will make sure that your example is set up on our CircleCI account.

> To ensure your example runs in [GitHub Codespaces](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/overview),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that your example runs in [GitHub Codespaces](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/overview),
```

# Contribution Guidelines

Thanks for your interest in contributing to dwave-examples! Before getting
started, we encourage you to take a look at this document for some guidelines.

## What We're Looking For

While we have a preference for application oriented examples, we welcome all
examples that demonstrate use of Ocean tools.

> To see our categorized collection of examples, create a free acount on
> [Leap](https://cloud.dwavesys.com/leap/signup/) and take a look
> [here](https://cloud.dwavesys.com/leap/examples/). You can also find our existing
> examples by going through the repositories in
> [dwave-examples](https://github.com/dwave-examples).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see our categorized collection of demos, create a free account on
[Leap](https://cloud.dwavesys.com/leap/signup/) and take a look at 
[our library of examples](https://cloud.dwavesys.com/leap/examples/) or by
going through the repositories in [dwave-examples](https://github.com/dwave-examples).
```

## Steps for Contributing

1. Follow GitHub's instructions to [create a repository from a template](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template).
   Alternatively, clone this repository (or one of our existing examples) as a 
   starting point from which to implement your example.

> 2. [Open an issue on the dwave-examples/template-dash repository](https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/issues/new/choose)

Reviewer 2: We need to remember to update the issue templates both here in the other templates repo.

   with a link to your example.

3. To add your example, D-Wave will fork your repository. We may make a pull
   request if we would like your approval for certain code changes.

## Guidelines

### Files

Please make sure that your example includes the following:

* `README.md`:

>     * We prefer `.md` over `.rst`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Should be written in Markdown (and not ReStructuredText).
```

    * See this repository's [README](README.md).

> * `requirements.txt`:
>     * `dwave-ocean-sdk` should be unpinned and lower bounded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `requirements.txt`:
    * `dwave-ocean-sdk` should be unpinned and lower bounded.
    * Add any other necessary requirements for running your example and make sure they're either pinned to a version supported by the latest Ocean SDK release or lower bounded.
```

* `LICENSE`:
    * Examples should comply with the Apache 2.0 License. Please make sure that:
        * All source and test files include a license header.
        * The [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file is included in your root directory.

> * Tests that are discoverable through `python -m unittest discover`.

Reviewer 2: It would be nice to add a note that both unittest and pytest are supported (many demos use the latter already). Using pytest instead of unittest currently requires a change in the CircleCI config, so it's only kind of supported. We could look into changing that though since it should be fine to run both using only pytest.

Author: I wonder if we should leave it out until the change is made in the CircleCI config?

Reviewer 2: Sure, that works. I'm thinking just setting the default to pytest in the [orb](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/dwave/orb-examples) would be the simplest fix. Not urgent, but I can do that.

Reviewer 2: Fine to leave this as is for now.

Our examples are tested using CircleCI. For a list of operating systems and
Python versions we currently test our examples with, please take a look at our
documentation
[here](https://docs.ocean.dwavesys.com/en/stable/overview/install.html).

Feel free to copy the [`.circleci/`](.circleci/) directory into your example's root directory.
Once approved, we will make sure that your example is set up on our CircleCI

> account.

Reviewer 2: This could be worded slightly differently since I'm assuming most users will use the template, or cloning, approach rather than starting from scratch, and thus wouldn't need to copy anything. Maybe also linking to [examples orb](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/dwave/orb-examples) here could be useful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example repository should contain the [`.circleci/`](.circleci/) directory to support running tests in CI.
Once approved, we will make sure that your example is set up on our CircleCI account.
```

Author: added a link in this commit https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/1/commits/4bf3a4421bfc34627f14c3488db1bce1e16d4633

> To ensure your example runs in [GitHub Codespaces](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/overview),
> copy the [`.devcontainer/`](.devcontainer/) directory into your example's root directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure your example runs in [GitHub Codespaces](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/overview),
make sure to include the [`.devcontainer/`](.devcontainer/) directory into your example's root directory.
```

Please make sure that your example includes the following:

* `README.md`:

>     * Should be written in Markdown (and not ReStructuredText).

Reviewer 2: Sorry, my bad. Looked a bit wrong.
```suggestion
    * Should be written in Markdown (and not reStructuredText).
```

Author: updated: https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/1/commits/4bf3a4421bfc34627f14c3488db1bce1e16d4633
